The first version of the KRoQ corpus is made available via GitHub
and contains the French, the Spanish and the Greek
Bible texts, along with our annotations. The German Bible text
cannot be made available because of copyright restrictions.
For French and Spanish, the corpus is provided in the CoNLL-U
format to facilitate further processing of the corpus. For
consistency, the Greek text is also provided in this format,
but is not parsed. Every sentence of each of the Bible
translations contains its original Bible index (e.g. Génèse
1:1 for Genesis, Chapter 1, Verse 1), the original sentence,
its parsed structure and a comment field named "annotation".
This field captures the annotations of the questions and is
left blank for all non-questions. For the questions, the
annotation field contains the final score that was
automatically assigned across the four languages and our
annotation based on that score and on setting 1, as presented
in Section 4.

Additionally to this main corpus, we also provide the gold
standard files we used for better reproduction of the results.
The gold standard contains the first 200 aligned questions of
the Bible for each of the four languages. For German, French
and Spanish, the ``gold" questions are provided in the CoNLL-U
format. For Greek they are provided as raw text. Each item of
the gold standard is numbered according to its occurrence in
the Bible and contains the original question, its Bible index
(e.g. Génèse 1:1 for Genesis, Chapter 1, Verse 1) and the
parsed structure. The annotations are captured in the comment
fields of each item: the final score that was automatically
assigned across the four languages and the annotation based on
that score and on setting 1 of Section 4 (in the comment field
"annotation") and the manual, gold standard annotation of
ISQ vs. NISQ (in the comment field "gold_annotation"). In
order to see the alignment across languages, we add a
spreadsheet where the 200 questions and their instances in the
other languages are  aligned. 
